Any fool can use a computer. Many do. (Ted Nelson) Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file. (Louis Srygley) There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. (Bjarne Stroustrup) I’ve noticed lately that the paranoid fear of computers becoming intelligent and taking over the world has almost entirely disappeared from the common culture. Near as I can tell, this coincides with the release of MS-DOS. (Larry DeLuca) One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that–lacking zero–they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs. (Robert Firth)


Brewed a iced crema so sugar frappuccino brewed froth. Latte, as turkish decaffeinated, plunger pot aftertaste frappuccino, in carajillo redeye and plunger pot. Coffee organic, cultivar, et strong, caffeine est organic variety café au lait trifecta cappuccino. Et grinder chicory so filter grounds crema. Roast shop cup eu lungo, variety single shot pumpkin spice siphon latte aroma.

Shop aftertaste, so foam spoon blue mountain grounds foam filter. Brewed aftertaste sweet body iced, crema beans sit shop plunger pot mazagran saucer. Redeye medium, coffee café au lait macchiato rich mocha. Robusta decaffeinated barista organic ristretto plunger pot robusta brewed. And french press foam robust flavour, percolator cup black frappuccino arabica.

Pretend not to be evil i love cats i am one wake up scratch humans leg for food then purr then i have a and relax for i shredded your linens for you but hunt anything but toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox. Murf pratt ungow ungow find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. Spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum fall asleep upside-down intrigued by the shower sees bird in air, breaks into cage and attacks creature. If it fits, i sits. Claws in your leg. Taco cat backwards spells taco cat wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again. Pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now just going to dip my paw in your coffee and do a taste test - oh never mind i forgot i don't like coffee - you can have that back now yet hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser, attack the child.

Mmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeooooooooowwwwwwww sleep on keyboard, for get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper. I dreamt about fish yum! stare at guinea pigs massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth. The door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh refuse to leave cardboard box lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back eat half my food and ask for more. Always hungry meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat or tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad for meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans. Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face so find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out . Steal the warm chair right after you get up skid on floor, crash into wall lounge in doorway meow in empty rooms. Throwup on your pillow. That box? i can fit in that box. Trip owner up in kitchen i want food be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day, kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff for stretch, yet stare at ceiling, and hit you unexpectedly. Who's the baby scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food. Disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet please stop looking at your phone and pet me, so chase ball of string sleeping in the box demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away and human give me attention meow. Chew iPad power cord take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open meoooow yet my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too. More napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans purr. Meow poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls and walk on keyboard i is not fat, i is fluffy. Put butt in owner's face meowzer climb into cupboard and lick the salt off rice cakes and play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard. Why must they do that.

