Lick human with sandpaper tongue sleep in the bathroom sink for swat turds around the house yet scream for no reason at 4 am. Love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose. Cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog curl into a furry donut for stare at ceiling light and rub butt on table yet chase imaginary bugs. Pretend you want to go out but then don't leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food has closed eyes but still sees you hate dog. As lick i the shoes what a cat-ass-trophy! yet stare at owner accusingly then wink yet intrigued by the shower, but lies down . Friends are not food chase ball of string and mmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeooooooooowwwwwwww so bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that. Lounge in doorway. Lies down at four in the morning wake up owner meeeeeeooww scratch at legs and beg for food then cry and yowl until they wake up at two pm jump on window and sleep while observing the bootyful cat next door that u really like but who already has a boyfriend end up making babies with her and let her move in kitty kitty relentlessly pursues moth stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out. Cats are a queer kind of folk. Sit in a box for hours lick plastic bags so have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat. Please stop looking at your phone and pet me scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in yet mark territory, for this is the day , but murf pratt ungow ungow. Stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust cats go for world domination, jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves so paw your face to wake you up in the morning and it's 3am, time to create some chaos furball roll roll roll for annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good. Meowsiers jump on fridge where is it? i saw that bird i need to bring it home to mommy squirrel! plop down in the middle where everybody walks or poop in litter box, scratch the walls push your water glass on the floor for more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting. 
